demonstrators are on the March heading
towards the United Nations attempting to
keep the plate of Gaza front and center
this event was organized by a coalition
of 140 Community groups student groups
healthc care workers socialist groups
the focus of the event and the focus of
many speakers at a rally proceeding this
March has been the breakdown of the
Health Care system in Gaza many of the
speakers pointed out that uh over 300
healthcare workers have been killed in
Gaza only six out of 36 hospitals are
functioning right now and barely
functioning at that there's a shortage
of medicine a shortage of anesthesia for
surgeries and many of the people who
came to participate in this event told
me that it was the images of children in
hospitals in particular uh that drove
them to come out and take part in this
event I it just my heart breaks when you
see an image of a child on on a table
with his skin falling off and no relief
for that child it's like that has to
stop it has to stop now the message
overall from this and from the speakers
and from the participants has been for a
ceasefire a ceasefire now and they are
carrying that message throughout the
streets of the city uh to various
locations today and I should point out
that this is actually only one of uh a
few events that are planned in New York
City alone today in New York City Christ
salumi Al
jaaz make sure to subscribe to our
channel to get the latest news from Al
jaaz